Revolg DOCSUP-996 Document the transform_null_in setting (#124)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

Default value: 16.

## transform_null_in {#transform_null_in}

> Enables or disables NULL-to-zero transormation in `IN` operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables or disables NULL-to-zero transformation in the `IN` operator.
```

> By default, `IN` operator assumes that `NULL` is equal to `0`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the `IN` operator processes `NULL` as 0.  
```

> If `transform_null_in` is enabled, `NULL` is considered to be equal to [NULL](../../sql-reference/syntax.md#null-literal). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `transform_null_in` is enabled, the `IN` operator processes `NULL` as [NULL](../../sql-reference/syntax.md#null-literal). 
```

Possible values:

> -   0 — NULL-to-zero transormation is on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   0 — NULL-to-zero transormation is enabled.
```

> -   1 — NULL-to-zero transormation is off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   1 — NULL-to-zero transormation is disabled.
```

Default value: 0.

> **Usage** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example** 
```

> Here is an example with the `null_in` table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the `null_in` table:
```

```text
┌──idx─┬─────i─┐
│    1 │     1 │
│    2 │  NULL │
│    3 │     3 │
└──────┴───────┘
```

> When `transform_null_in` is set to `0`, which is by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `transform_null_in` equals 0:
```

```sql

> SELECT idx, i
> FROM null_in                  
> WHERE i IN (1, NULL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SELECT idx, i FROM null_in WHERE i IN (1, NULL);
```

```

returns:

```text
┌──idx─┬────i─┐
│    1 │    1 │
└──────┴──────┘
```

> When `transform_null_in` is set to `1`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `transform_null_in` equals 1: 
```

```sql

> SELECT idx, i
> FROM null_in                  
> WHERE i IN (1, NULL)
> SETTINGS transform_null_in = 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SELECT idx, i FROM null_in WHERE i IN (1, NULL) SETTINGS transform_null_in = 1;
```
